In this file we write how to do things

Terminal
    Change directory by going into a new folder: cd <folder name>
    Go back up the file tree: cd ..
    View the current directory: dir or ls

Virtual environment 
    To create a venv: python -m venv myenv
    To activate a venv: myenv/Scripts/activate

Pip installations 
    To install the dependencies in requirements.txt: pip install -r requirements.txt
    To install library that is not in requirements: pip install <library name>
    To save the newly added libraries to the requirements file: pip freeze > requirements.txt

Git 
    Initiate a new git repository: git init 
    To download a github repository to your current folder: git clone https://github.com/example-user/example-repo.git

    To set a github repository for your local git repo: git remote add origin https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
    Check that remote has been added correctly: git remote -v 

    To check what/where things have changed since your latest commit: git status
    Add file to staging environment: git add filename
    Add all changes since last commit to staging environment: git add .
    To remove all files from your staging environment: git reset
    To remove one file from staging environment: git reset <filename>
    
    To save changes you have made and staged in a branch: git commit -m "Commit message"
    Push your current branch to github to the branch branch-name: git push origin branch-name
    To see all your branches: git branch
    To create a new branch: git branch branch-name
    To delete a branch: git branch -d branch-name (Use -D if you have uncommitted changes in the branch but want to delete anyways)
    To go to a branch: git checkout branch-name
    To create and go to new branch: git checkout -b new-branch-name
    To merge the branch you are in with the specified branch: git merge branch-name
    To see a list of commits: git log
    To see difference between branches (have never used): git diff

    To get the current version of the github repo to your current branch: git pull (only do this in your main branch then merge this into your curren working branch create a new branch )
    

'jvjdvjd v jd fvjka dfjkvndjkvfnf'


Workflow git
    0.1. Get a cloned version of the github repo to your computer
    0.2. Set remote upstream     

    1. Update your main branch
    2. Create new branch (prefferably with some name that is indicative of what you do in the branch)
    3. Switch to new branch
    4. Work on project and do commits now and then
    5. Push to github to a branch with the same name as your branch 
    6. Create Pull request (means that you ask to merge your changes into the main branch )
    7. Go to main branch locally and do git pull
    8. Go to step 2 again 































